https://screenrec.com/share/1HA8r47zd2 ## Anson Brother in Prayer Meeting
https://screenrec.com/share/uzgs3eUrWN 
https://screenrec.com/share/dsUR9xBMPu 
https://screenrec.com/share/hvWEwVoPrK 
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/LOle248Sa0 ## Aws project session
https://screenrec.com/share/Jd4qfI3DtE ## Devps Project session
https://screenrec.com/share/0OxWDizGkm ## Devps Part 2
https://screenrec.com/share/CEUv87nbIo ## Kubernetes Project Session
https://screenrec.com/share/tUNh9FvG42 ## JAR and WAR explanation
https://screenrec.com/share/BvxDy3NSZE ## Test attended for Linux for CloudifyOps
https://screenrec.com/share/RMg0L7oN5G ## K8s Volumes
                                       ##
https://screenrec.com/share/lQ6MHsgj2b ## Altimetrick Lead Round
https://screenrec.com/share/0xXNpTfAeC ## Altimetrick Client round
https://screenrec.com/share/ziUdOKDal7 ## Cognizant Fomr filling
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/vc42LTZkeu ## Interview process Trbhi
https://screenrec.com/share/rXIx30W7JO ## Client round with Emilie
https://screenrec.com/share/deHGAwf6Yn ## Mani Thavasi -Trbhi
https://screenrec.com/share/C8yT1Rx3qp ## Hike round with Trbhi
                                       
                                       
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/ESayZvc0FD ## Logic Systems interview
https://screenrec.com/share/Kj1GAEU28u ## Yuganya--FSI
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/U4s2FBJw6C ## Interview with Manas
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/OPexEqa7V3 ## Msys interview
https://screenrec.com/share/LNAEHCMz5h ## Ashok Nalla M-sys -- Tips Reg Linux
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/2Tv6sUOk8R ## Ranith HR round - Aspire Systems.
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/jgqRcneU3t ## Chandan FSI
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/3wSh7zXv9q ## Msys Client Round
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/8H4E0YB7tp ## Inter view ?? Vignesh??
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/qrWangX8Bv ## Azure Assessment

Triage Call:
https://screenrec.com/share/kP5fzjhea1
https://screenrec.com/share/zjsvc5HGFihttps://screenrec.com/share/1HA8r47zd2 ## Anson Brother in Prayer Meeting
https://screenrec.com/share/uzgs3eUrWN 
https://screenrec.com/share/dsUR9xBMPu 
https://screenrec.com/share/hvWEwVoPrK 
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/LOle248Sa0 ## Aws project session
https://screenrec.com/share/Jd4qfI3DtE ## Devps Project session
https://screenrec.com/share/0OxWDizGkm ## Devps Part 2
https://screenrec.com/share/CEUv87nbIo ## Kubernetes Project Session
https://screenrec.com/share/tUNh9FvG42 ## JAR and WAR explanation
https://screenrec.com/share/BvxDy3NSZE ## Test attended for Linux for CloudifyOps
https://screenrec.com/share/RMg0L7oN5G ## K8s Volumes
                                       ##
https://screenrec.com/share/lQ6MHsgj2b ## Altimetrick Lead Round
https://screenrec.com/share/0xXNpTfAeC ## Altimetrick Client round
https://screenrec.com/share/ziUdOKDal7 ## Cognizant Fomr filling
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/vc42LTZkeu ## Interview process Trbhi
https://screenrec.com/share/rXIx30W7JO ## Client round with Emilie
https://screenrec.com/share/deHGAwf6Yn ## Mani Thavasi -Trbhi
https://screenrec.com/share/C8yT1Rx3qp ## Hike round with Trbhi
                                       
                                       
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/ESayZvc0FD ## Logic Systems interview
https://screenrec.com/share/Kj1GAEU28u ## Yuganya--FSI
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/U4s2FBJw6C ## Interview with Manas
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/OPexEqa7V3 ## Msys interview
https://screenrec.com/share/LNAEHCMz5h ## Ashok Nalla M-sys -- Tips Reg Linux
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/2Tv6sUOk8R ## Ranith HR round - Aspire Systems.
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/jgqRcneU3t ## Chandan FSI
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/3wSh7zXv9q ## Msys Client Round
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/8H4E0YB7tp ## Inter view ?? Vignesh??
                                       
https://screenrec.com/share/qrWangX8Bv ## Azure Assessment

Triage Call:
https://screenrec.com/share/kP5fzjhea1
https://screenrec.com/share/zjsvc5HGFi
